# django-linkhub
  This site is just your own database for useful links. It enables you to storage them into playlists, so that you could easly find whatever you want. If you have problems with billions bookmarks in your browser, this decision is just for you. Just get account and go ahead. If you are going to learn something new into Internet, it seems you will use many bookmarks of appropriate links. To make it easy, just create new playlist for current topic, and put all links inside it. But first of all, try to find already existing playlists by key words of the desirable topic. You can find some useful playlists and you are able to see them rating, it'll arouse your opinion about this. If some playlists made you interested, you can add them to favourites by clicking star. Then you will see them into 'My playlists' category.
  Sure you can share with your playlists, just coping address from address line. But since you made your playlist private, no one is able to reach this address. To share private playlist, click Show>>> on the playlist bar and click chain, then right link will be copied to your buffer exchange(note that this is able only for private playlists). After clicking one more time, old link will be deleted. Note, that only one sharing link is available in the moment.
  Also you can track all your links relevance since you have checked a checkbox in links settings or playlists settings. If status code of the link chanched you will recieve a message on your mail, that's why email field is required during signing up.
  If you are going just do searching through existing playlists, it's not necessary to get own account. But it's required in case you want to create your own playlists and to add new links into them, or just rate existing playlists. Note, that during signing up, email address is required, as we are going to keep in touch with users, when they wish to check relevance of their links. That's why we even include email verification, as you might have noticed. If you signed in with Google, that's mean that you'll recieve emails onto your gmail. Also email is required during procedure of resetting forgotten password.
